create 6.0 release notes (#9878)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/release-notes/9860-6.0-release-notes.md

# Dataverse 6.0

This is a platform upgrade release. Payara, Solr, and Java have been upgraded. No features have been added to the Dataverse software itself. Only a handful of bugs were fixed.

Thank you to all of the community members who contributed code, suggestions, bug reports, and other assistance across the project!

## Release Highlights

> ### Payara 6
> 
> Payara has been upgraded to version 6.2023.8. For details, see PR #9685 and PR #9795.
> 
> Please note that Payara Community 5 has reached [end of life](https://www.payara.fish/products/payara-platform-product-lifecycle/).
> 
> ### Solr 9
> 
> Solr has been upgraded to version 9.3.0. For details, see PR #9787.
> 
> ### Java 17
> 
> Java has been upgraded to version 17. For details, see PR #9764.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Breaking Changes

This release contains a few major upgrades to core components. Detailed instructions to upgrade follow below.

#### Runtime
- Supported (required) Java version has been upgraded from v11 to v17. For details, see PR #9764
- Payara application server has been upgraded to version 6.2023.8.
    - This is a required update. For details, see PR #9685 and PR #9795.
    - Please note that Payara Community 5 has reached [end of life](https://www.payara.fish/products/payara-platform-product-lifecycle/).
- Solr has been upgraded to version 9.3.0. For details, see PR #9787.

#### Development
- Removal of Vagrant and Docker AIO, sunsetted in Dataverse v5.14. See PR #9838  and PR #9685 for details.
- All tests have been migrated to use JUnit 5 exclusively from now on out. See PR #9796 for details.

```

# Dataverse 6.0

This is a platform upgrade release. Payara, Solr, and Java have been upgraded. No features have been added to the Dataverse software itself. Only a handful of bugs were fixed.

Thank you to all of the community members who contributed code, suggestions, bug reports, and other assistance across the project!

## Release Highlights (Major Upgrades, Breaking Changes)

> This release contains a major upgrades to core components. Detailed upgrade instructions can be found below.
> 
> #### Runtime
> 
> - The required Java version has been increased from version 11 to 17.
>     - See PR #9764 for details.
> - Payara application server has been upgraded to version 6.2023.8.
>     - This is a required update.
>     - Please note that Payara Community 5 has reached [end of life](https://www.payara.fish/products/payara-platform-product-lifecycle/)
>     - See PR #9685 and PR #9795 for details.
> - Solr has been upgraded to version 9.3.0.
>     - See PR #9787. for details.
> 
> #### Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release contains major upgrades to core components. Detailed upgrade instructions can be found below.

### Runtime

- The required Java version has been increased from version 11 to 17.
    - See PR #9764 for details.
- Payara application server has been upgraded to version 6.2023.8.
    - This is a required update.
    - Please note that Payara Community 5 has reached [end of life](https://www.payara.fish/products/payara-platform-product-lifecycle/)
    - See PR #9685 and PR #9795 for details.
- Solr has been upgraded to version 9.3.0.
    - See PR #9787. for details.

### Development
```

Author: Thanks, fixed in eaf97f3add3af82d6ed63016613d1f132dee5e5f
